Initially, I am cloning an existing electron repository by just manually rewriting the code to try to gather an understanding of the components of web development. Not that I am illiterate in web development, but, very much a beginner. After, I will continue to tinker with the app and just add things as I go along, to try and broaden my knowledge in the field.

Operational, will work on more tomorrow.
This should commit via shh?
Okay, need to set up an ssh key, will do tomorrow
ssh should now be setup.


added some new elements to the page.
play with css / js on them next

plan is to remake first year project in here.
So, a petrol station with random cars being generated and docking in the petrol station, having random vehicle types, fuel requirements, and tank percentages. They take a corresponding amount of time to fill up their tanks. They are charged for their fuel, based on type and quantity. A receipt of their purchase is then added to an exportable database.

Also a login, because having the ability to set up a decent login page will prove useful to myself.




MyVC - My Virtual Company (Petrol Station)
This will be a simulation of a petrol station.
There will be a login.
There will be an option to load previous data (or auto-search in a default directory)
There wil be pumps on a virutal highway, where randomly generated vehicles will stop and purchase fuel.
Customers may also come in and make transactions in-store.
Data will be generated on this, which can then be exported in whichever format.
By default, the format will be a standardised SQL or (other similar query language) database.
This company will have different levels to it. Therefore the software will need to be designed to run the basic petrol station, but also up to a corporate structure, where employees will be doing "work" such as securing deals, writing reports and creating presentations etc.
You should research how a petrol station works and then look into the corporate side of a company like this and what kind of data you expect to be auto-generated by this software.

Next MyVC will be a company invovled in finances or auditing. More research needs to be done on this though.
